README.markdown, before:

## Description
**EP QTc** is an iOS app that simultaneously calculates QTc (corrected QT) and QTp (predicted QT) intervals using many different published formulas.  Detailed information on each formula is given and the results can be graphed and imported into text editors or spreadsheets.  The app uses the [QTc framework](https://github.com/mannd/QTc).

## License
This app is open source, and licensed under the 
[Apache License, Version 2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html).  When used with Apple devices via the iTunes App Store, it is subject to the [standard Apple iOS license agreement](http://images.apple.com/legal/sla/docs/AppleStoreApp.pdf).

## Copyright
Copyright © 2017, 2018 [EP Studios, Inc.](http://www.epstudiossoftware.com)

## Acknowledgments
Thanks to Marian Stiehler for help in acquiring the original literature that forms the basis of these QTc and QTp formulas.

This app uses [SigmaSwiftStatistics](https://github.com/evgenyneu/SigmaSwiftStatistics) for statistical analysis of the QT formulas.  This framework is copyright (c) 2015 Evgenii Neumerzhitckii and is licensed under the [MIT License](https://github.com/evgenyneu/SigmaSwiftStatistics/blob/master/LICENSE).

The app also uses the [Charts](https://github.com/danielgindi/Charts) framework for graphing.  This framework is copyright 2016 Daniel Cohen Gindi & Philipp Jahoda, and is licensed under the [Apache License, Version 2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html). 

## Author
David Mann, MD

Email: [mannd@epstudiossoftware.com](mailto:mannd@epstudiossoftware.com)  
Website: [https://www.epstudiossoftware.com](https://www.epstudiossoftware.com)

Commit message:

Update copyright, add Validator to acknowledgments

README.markdown, after:

## Description
**EP QTc** is an iOS app that simultaneously calculates QTc (corrected QT) and QTp (predicted QT) intervals using many different published formulas.  Detailed information on each formula is given and the results can be graphed and imported into text editors or spreadsheets.  The app uses the [QTc framework](https://github.com/mannd/QTc).

## License
This app is open source, and licensed under the 
[Apache License, Version 2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html).  When used with Apple devices via the iTunes App Store, it is subject to the [standard Apple iOS license agreement](http://images.apple.com/legal/sla/docs/AppleStoreApp.pdf).

## Copyright
Copyright © 2017, 2018 [EP Studios, Inc.](http://www.epstudiossoftware.com)

## Acknowledgments
Thanks to Marian Stiehler for help in acquiring the original literature that forms the basis of these QTc and QTp formulas.

This app uses [SigmaSwiftStatistics](https://github.com/evgenyneu/SigmaSwiftStatistics) for statistical analysis of the QT formulas.  This framework is copyright (c) 2015 Evgenii Neumerzhitckii and is licensed under the [MIT License](https://github.com/evgenyneu/SigmaSwiftStatistics/blob/master/LICENSE).

The app also uses the [Charts](https://github.com/danielgindi/Charts) framework for graphing.  This framework is copyright 2016 Daniel Cohen Gindi & Philipp Jahoda, and is licensed under the [Apache License, Version 2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html). 

The app uses [Validator]([https://github.com/adamwaite/Validator) which has an unrestricted license.

## Author
David Mann, MD

Email: [mannd@epstudiossoftware.com](mailto:mannd@epstudiossoftware.com)  
Website: [https://www.epstudiossoftware.com](https://www.epstudiossoftware.com)
